Add raw data and codeblock notebook  from paper (#776)
unitaryfund/mitiq: docs/source/research.rst

You can download the :download:`bibtex file <mitiq.bib>`.

If you are considering implementing a new feature or bug fix for Mitiq, please check out some tips in `contributing <contributing.html>`_  to help make the contribution process easier.

.. _code_data_mitiq_paper:

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Data and code supporting the Mitiq paper
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The ``mitiq-paper`` folder contains the data used in the ZNE plots of the Mitiq `white paper <https://arxiv.org/abs/2009.04417>`_.

> You can find the `code snippets <examples/mitiq-paper/mitiq-paper-codeblocks.html>`_ for the codeblocks present in the Mitiq paper in the `Examples` section of the documentation relative to the Mitiq paper section of the documentation.

Author: ```suggestion
You can find the `code snippets <examples/mitiq-paper/mitiq-paper-codeblocks.html>`_ for the codeblocks present in the Mitiq paper in the `Examples` section of the documentation relative to the Mitiq paper.
```

> If you have developed new features for error mitigation, or found bugs in Mitiq, please consider `contributing <contributing.html>`_ your code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are considering implementing a new feature or bug fix for Mitiq, please check out some tips in `contributing <contributing.html>`_  to help make the contribution process easier.
```
